inside the deck is brought to you by
cool stuff 8 comm sellers of Magic the
Gathering and many other card and board
games gathering magic calm number one
resource month Magic the Gathering
strategy and culture I'm Steve Belden
I'm a full-time freelance illustrator
I'm merely a Magic the Gathering artist
but I also do book covers and interior
illustrations for various types of books
I enjoy working on Magic sheerly for the
variety if nothing else I mean you know
you go from worlds made of metal to
world's full of whimsical creatures two
worlds made of and completely born of
horror tropes and you know it never
ceases to be interesting it's constantly
evolving it's constantly changing and
it's never boring the first two pieces I
did were hibernations and and fobian
phantasm I've been doing Dungeons and
Dragons art for a few years and I
decided to sort of take a quick trip out
to Seattle and meet all of my art
directors that I've been working with
with hundreds of dragons and since I was
at was the coast home office I decided
what the heck I'll interview with the
art director who at the time was Jeremy
Cranford and I showed him my portfolio
and had an interview with him and he
started me on cold snap I'm almost
exclusively a traditional oil painter
and quite frankly I mean I really just
loved you know the smell of it I love
the way it feels I love you know the way
it pushes across the surface I'm very
much still in love with the traditional
media and I you know I always will be
for as long as it takes me to master it
which I don't think will ever happen so
I think it'll always hold some interest
to me and and it has you know I like the
challenge of not having an undo button
you
working more than a day-to-day basis
like you know my heroes and kind of what
got me started in art in the first place
you know I think they've definitely gone
after a real intention behind every set
and I think the goal ultimately is to
you know you pick up a card oh that's
from lorwyn I can tell because it looks
like it's from Laura Wynn and then you
know oh this is a mirrored end card
because it looks like it's from Meerut
and you know having that differentiation
between each block is I think really
important for the product as a whole but
you know it does on the other hand tie
your hands a little bit artistically
because you have to follow certain
guidelines and you know study the style
guides and and certainly draw specific
inspiration from specific things in
order to make the set as a whole feel
congealed I mean in general it's a
pretty good gig I really can't complain
I mean it's getting paid to actually sit
there and draw goblins and ghosts and
and guys and armor and you know thieves
in the night I mean that's just it's
goofy fun I mean it really is it's uh
you know very few companies give you
that opportunity and at least on the
level where you can make a living and
man you know you can't beat that with a
stick